Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Subtitles by ViSHAL
www.OpenSubtitles.org
Gloria, what are you doing here?
Go home.
There ain't no home
to go back to.
Let me be. I got a job to do.
Why do you keep killing
all these people, Daddy?
Everyone's leaving town.
Go! Get away now!
Who else has to die
before you stop?
It's just one more killing,
sweetheart.
Then it's done.
Come on, boys! Let's go!
It's open season on the freaks!
We just want to leave town
with what we got left, Daddy,
me and Mom and you.
I told you, baby, go home.
Mama said
she felt sorry for you.
She said that minister
made you all crazy.
Now these circus folk
ain't got no lives left,
and we ain't got no lives left.
And now you're gonna die, too.
Bye, Daddy.
Bye.
After it! Kill him!
There! There! Go!
In the door!
Open the door, baby!
No!
Oh, no! No! Not my babies!
- Please, not my babies!
- Got you now, freak mama!
- This kid ain't dead yet.
- Mama!
Yeah, that one's still alive.
- Mama. Mama!
- Run, you freak boy!
Murderer!
The boy, he's getting away!
Kill him!
Hey, Bucky!
Okay, you go on.
You flush it out this way
right to me...
and I promise you
I'll take care of it.
But, Homer,
he's just a kid, ain't he?
You call that thing a kid?!
Ain't no kid.
It's a murdering freak!
Murdering freak!
Got the Devil in him...
just like the minister says.
Okay, you go on.
I know you're in there,
you little freak!
Freak! ...Freak!
We told you people to get out
a dozen times.
You just had to stay.
You just had to keep building
this sin-filled place, huh?
Bigger and bigger,
right in the middle of our town!
Now it's gonna cost you,
- just like it cost your mama...
- mama...
- your brother...
- brother...
everyone you ever cared about,
- 'cause they're all dead now!
- Dead now!
Just like you're gonna be
in about one minute.
One minute... one minute.
Yeah!
Did you get him, Homer?
Did you get him?
Davy! Davy!
Davy!
Come on, Davy!
Haven't you peed already?!
Hey. Hey, buddy.
Hey, buddy.
Davy!
Hear us?!
Davy! Hey, Davy!
Hey, I thought
your little brother
just had to take a piss.
Some pisses take longer
than others. Know what I mean?
Lay off, guys.
Or what, meatball?
Whoa, Jillian,
have you seen Davy's new post?
It's awesome.
Yeah, I got it, too.
Yeah, me, too.
What's he doing out there,
some kind of nature show?
Hey, why don't you give
me and Marcus our tickets?
We'll meet you guys
at the concert.
It's not a concert, dummies.
It's a music festival.
Yeah, whatever.
Chuck and I are sick
of wasting time
on your stupid shortcuts.
Go. I don't want to drive
with you guys, anyway.
All you guys talk about
is sports.
Wait. You can't leave, guys.
We need both cars.
I can just ride
on top of the coolers.
- Whoo!
- Hey!
We gettin' out of here, my boy.
- Yeah we are. Later, losers.
- Sorry, guys,
but my little sister is
not riding on top of a cooler.
Guys, guys,
Davy's made a few posts,
so you might want
to check it out.
They're really cool.
Ah. Yeah, there it is.
Yeah, look. More lizards.
This is B.S.!
Hold still, you little bugger.
He's not responding
to any of my texts.
We should go look for him.
Come on. Why don't you come out?
Um, are there gonna be snakes?
Yeah, probably.
No. I'll pass.
Okay.
Come on. Lead the way.
Let's go, guys.
Wait for me.
Davy!
- Davy!
- Come on, Davy!
Davy!
- Haven't you peed already?
- Come on!
- Come on, Davy!
- Davy!
Sweet.
- We'll miss the concert!
- Come on, dude!
- We're gonna leave your ass!
- We're gonna miss the festival!
- Watch out.
- Where are you, Davy?!
Hey, yo, Davy!
Davy!
Fine. I guess, whatever.
Guys! Guys, wait up!
Come on, guys.
Davy, you little butt-hole,
where are you?!
- Where are we?
- Guys!
- Yo, Davy!
- Guys, I saw a snake,
- and I wasn't even scared!
- Bullshit.
- Come check this out.
- I'm coming.
- Hey, come check this out.
- What?! What is it?
- Come here. Come here.
- What?
Look, look, look.
- Waah!
Guys, it's not cool.
- Come on, Kody.
- Come on, Kody!
It looks your brother
found himself a town.
Looks like a ghost town.
Hello!
Creepy.
Hello?
Who's there?!
- Ugh.
- Stop.
Nature sucks. I hate this place.
Yeah. I mean, for a small boy...
- Davy, come on!
- He can go very fast.
Man...
Hello?
No.
Whoa. Creepy.
Hello?
Austin?
Bro!
Is that you?!
Gordy?
Kody?
This isn't funny!
Chill out, man.
Davy!
This has got to be
the longest pee in the world.
No, we're gonna find him soon.
Where could he be, though?
Well, I barely
have any reception.
- Davy!
Come on, Davy! Let's go!
Come on, Davy!
We don't have all day!
What's up with these clowns?
No way.
Ladies first.
Oh.
Hello?
Chill out, man.
Put it on my tab.
Welcome to the Fun House.
Cool.
Enter, if you dare.
Welcome to the Fun House.
Yeah, yeah.
I heard you the first time.
Davy!
Come on, Davy.
- Where are we?
- Davy!
This place is way too weird.
Guys, this is the place
from Davy's picture.
Maybe Davy went
back to the cars.
Or maybe he got kidnapped or
fell into a well or something.
I did see missing person photos
back at that gas station,
like, 20 miles back.
Yeah, there were 20 of them,
all for kids our age.
Hey, guys, come check this out.
Have any of you ever heard
of the Nevada Triangle?
Is that like
the Bermuda Triangle?
Yeah, but, according to this,
it's worse.
There's UFOs, planes vanishing,
people disappearing.
It's all junk.
- You think so?
- Yep.
You're wrong.
Davy!
Come on, man!
He's out here. We'll find him.
- Davy, come on!
- Are you serious?
Davy!
Dave-O, come back here, asshole!
Asshole is right.
Come on, Davy! Let's go!
We're gonna miss the concert!
Wait. Don't you
mean "music festival"?
Davy!
Guys, wait up!
I literally have
no reception, guys.
- Hello?
- Wow.
This place is ancient.
Do you think this place
could be, uh, radioactive?
Should I Google "radiation"?
Soda!
Except there's nothing at all.
- Soda!
- You're not getting anything?
No.
Try over here.
Why don't I have reception,
but you do?
I downloaded the pages
when we were lower down.
Whoa.
This is crazy.
- Yo, hey, yo.
- Oh.
Doesn't open? What the hell?
Yo! Yo, yo, yo, yo! Take a pic.
Yeah, I got you, brother.
Take it... Different pose.
Different pose.
Yeah. Get me. Get me. Get me.
Get me. Get me.
Get me. Hey, man.
All right. A'right.
A'right. A'right. A'right.
A'right. A'right. Hey.
All right, come on.
Switch it up.
Hey, Sarah.
My sister speaks yet again.
Sorry, but I think
I might know where we are,
- like, what this place is.
- What do you mean?
I've been looking it up.
I think there was
a real town here.
Hey, guys.
Guys, come check this out.
You can see on the map,
but there was
a riot or something,
and now the whole place
is just abandoned.
It happened, like, 25 years ago.
This whole area
is off limits now,
that road we were on, too.
It's like one of those weird
mystery shows or something.
Awesome.
Well, I did see
a "Do not enter" sign
at the front of the road there.
Why didn't you tell us,
ass-wipe?
- I don't know. I just forgot.
- Shut up, Gordy.
Yeah, butt-whiff. Shut up.
Guys, I think we maybe should
just keep looking for Davy.
No. Look,
you guys stay here, okay?
I'm gonna go look
for my brother.
- You can't go off by yourself.
- Davy!
Davy!
Are you serious?
Look toward this way!
H-Hey, guys!
I think I found something!
Oh, my God.
Davy?
Bro, is that you?
Hey, guys!
Guys! I think he's down here!
- He's not posting anymore.
- I swear I just heard him.
Anyone else think that's weird?
For Davy, yeah.
Think he actually went in there?
This place is creepy.
He totally went in.
- Yeah.
- I'm not going near that thing.
Yeah, I-I'm with him.
Are you serious?
I'll go in.
Me, too.
I-If that's okay with you.
If Sarah goes in, I'll go in.
Well, I guess I'll go in.
Okay.
Hey, I found a door,
but it's locked.
Let's use our eyes, Austin.
Go, Sally.
Here we are.
Now where... where do I put it?
So stupid.
Welcome to the Fun House.
Enter, if you dare.
No. No friggin' way.
- Yeah. Yeah, no.
- No.
- Wow.
- Yeah, I thought
you football guys
were supposed to be "tough."
Come on, girls.
Let's go find Davy.
Kody! Kody!
You only live once.
Why don't you
find something to...
To keep the door
from closing in on us?
Guys, wait up.
Does this work?
Perfect. Do the honors.
Take my hand.
Everybody with me?
I'm in.
We're here.
Me, too.
- Jillian?
- Right behind you.
Sally and I are in the back.
Something creepy
just touched me.
Gordy, is that you grabbing me?
Nope.
And this is supposed to be fun?
Don't waste
your batteries, okay?
We have enough light, okay?
We need to keep
our phones charged.
Yeah, so we can order
a pizza or something.
- Yeah.
- I'm serious.
Okay, okay.
Hey, there's a left up here.
Watch your step.
- Watch your step.
- Watch out.
The floor's moving right here.
Beware of the floor.
The walls are steel-reinforced.
There is no way out.
- Way out... way out.
- Yo, this place is all lit up.
Must be getting power
from somewhere.
Yo, what's over there?
It's a f-fork.
Man, go, go, go.
Wait. Shh. Shh.
Do you hear that?
Did you hear that?
Whoa!
Run! Run! Run!
- Watch out! Move.
- Go! Go! Go!
- Go!
- Wrong way!
- Jillian!
- No, turn! Go!
- Go back! Go back!
- Austin!
Come on, guys! Go! Go! Go!
Watch your step.
He's coming! Oh, my God!
Everybody, calm down! Quiet.
Hey, what was
that thing back there?
It was some kind of clown.
- A clown?
- It's probably just
some fun-house hologram
meant to freak us out.
I don't care what it was.
I want to go home.
I agree. Let's get out of here.
You guys can go,
but I'm gonna stay
and look for Davy.
Yeah, I'm staying, too.
Anybody else? Jillian?
Not me.
Okay, Marcus?
No way.
Kody?
Oh, his mom's gonna be pissed.
Wait. Here. I-I found
the number for the fun house.
Sarah, call this.
It's ringing.
I'll put it on speaker.
You have reached the Gaspari
Fun House, Circus, and Maze.
You may leave a message
at the beep...
- Leave one.
- If you dare.
Okay.
Hi. Um...
yeah, we're here
in your fun house,
and we seem to be missing
two members of our party.
Uh, they're lost.
I was wondering if you could...
Okay. At least you
have service, so, uh, call Davy.
Okay.
It's ringing.
You have reached the Gaspari...
Called the fun house again.
No, I didn't. I swear.
I don't like this.
Call me.
Okay.
You have reached the Gaspari...
Y-Yeah. Yeah, we're out of here.
Yeah, we'll meet you guys
back at the car.
Come on, guys.
We have two missing kids here.
Whatever.
Well, at least look for Kody
on your way back.
Come on, bitch.
Race you back on three.
- All right. You're on.
- Three!
Assholes.
So now what,
after that phone business?
They must be
intercepting calls, right?
I mean, what else could it be?
Well, hopefully Chuck
and Marcus run into Kody.
I say we continue
looking for Davy. Okay?
Okay.
Come on, Gordy.
- Let's do it.
- Okay.
Okay.
Too slow, Chucky boy!
Wait! Wait!
Something's...
Something's different.
Where... Where are we?
Where's the exit, man?
- I-I don't remember this.
- Okay, okay.
I don't remember this
when we came in.
I-It was darker. It was darker.
Okay. Okay.
Which way, right or left?
Come on!
Wh-What do you want me to do?!
We're lost! We've been circling!
You're the quarterback!
You know what to do, man!
Just think!
- Screw you!
- Just think!
Come here! Just think!
- Just think! Come on!
- I don't know! I don't know!
Look! Look! Right! Right!
All right. Hey, hey,
don't go too fast! Come on.
Don't leave me! Don't leave me!
Keep up! Keep up! Keep up.
We're definitely lost!
No, no, no. No.
No, something... something
is completely different!
We should have just stayed
with the others!
What? And be a yes-man
to that bitch, Austin,
and his fat-boy sidekick?
Nah, not me.
I-I'm just saying.
I'm quarterback.
You're linebacker.
You get hit a lot.
You have brain damage!
Piss off.
What's that for?
So we can find our way back.
Beware. The walls are shifting.
I think we've been
this way before.
No, that's impossible.
No. No, she's right.
There's another one
of your arrows.
Shh! Shh! Quiet. Quiet. Quiet.
Do you guys see him?
Do you see him?
I see him.
Guys, I'm starting
to get scared.
I know, sweetie,
but we'll be home soon.
We just have to find the boys.
Who is that guy?
Maybe a custodian?
Probably some big old squatter
that got into the makeup kit.
Hey, we see you, man!
It's not funny!
I mean, whoever he is,
he's keeping this place
ready and open
in the middle of nowhere.
Well, like Sally said before,
it wasn't always
the middle of nowhere.
I bet he's a psycho cannibal.
Okay, can you just stop?
You're scaring her.
Yeah. Sorry.
Just focus, Gordy.
- Yeah, focus.
- Come on.
Where'd he go?
I'm not sure.
Quiet. Quiet.
Stay down. Stay down.
Down.
Stay down.
What's he doing?
Do you think
he knows we're here?
Obviously he does.
Maybe the emergency
phone lines are open.
- I'm gonna try calling 911.
- Yeah.
There's only one hotspot,
and it's called "Clown-child,"
and it has a password.
Do you guys see that?
I-Is it moving?
Yo, something's in that bag.
What's he doing?
- Guys, I...
- It's Kody. It's Kody.
Oh, my God. What should we do?
- Oh, my God.
- Aah! Guys! Guys!
- What should we do?
- Guys, help! No.
We need to get back
to the cars and call the police!
Okay. Okay, okay, okay.
He killed the lights!
Everybody stay calm!
It's trapdoor time.
Guys, where'd you go?
Watch your step.
Come on, guys! Come on!
Sally?!
Sarah, where are you?
Austin? Sarah?
- Sally?! Sally?!
- Come on! Come on!
- Gordy! Gordy!
Come on!
Austin?
Beware.
- The walls are shifting.
- Austin!
Sarah, are you here?
Watch out for trapdoors.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no!
- There is no way out.
- Sally!
- What?!
- It won't budge!
Where'd you go, Austin?
The walls are steel reinforced.
Hold on, Sally! I'm gonna
find another way around, okay?
- Where are you going?
- Sally, just stay
- where you are!
- You can't leave me! Austin!
You can't leave me here!
These walls are steel.
There is no way out.
It's trapdoor time.
Austin? Sarah?
Anybody?
There is no way out.
Please. Please.
There is no way out for you.
Austin!
Beware. The walls are shifting.
I've got to get out.
Mama.
Hi! You're my new best friend!
Don't ever leave me!
You know, maybe that clown
didn't hit Kody so hard.
It's probably, like,
just a trick
to trick the trespassers
or something.
Agh! Stop talking
about Kody, okay?!
I cannot focus on any more
when I lost my sister.
I just... We need to find her
and get out of here
and call the police! Now, okay?!
Austin and Sally are just fine.
Look. Th-There's an arrow
right here.
- Look. Look.
- Really?
- Yeah!
- Yes, yes, yes, good.
This is good. We can get there
and call the police.
- Go that way. Go. Go, then.
- Okay.
Think we're good.
There it is. There it is.
That's the way.
Th-That's the cave
that we came through.
Okay, okay, okay.
Please just leave us alone.
Which way is it?
I can't remember.
Gordy, help me!
Listen. Listen, Sarah.
Calm down.
I think Austin's
taking care of Sally right now
and everything's just fine.
Let's think like gamers, okay?
L-Let's visualize this
in our heads.
- Okay.
- All right. All right.
Look, look.
There's a passage right there.
- Okay, then, let's go!
- Yeah.
Let's go!
Beware of shifting walls.
Please, please, please, God.
Just get us out of here.
Come on. If you can...
Oh, no.
We have to find her, okay?
We have to find her, because...
Oh, my Gosh.
We should just forget mapping
this place out and go find them.
We have to keep going.
Let's keep going
and make sure
we find them, okay?
I-It's gonna be okay.
Look. Look. This might be a way.
See anything back there?
Um, I'll try... I'll try this.
- It's...
- Is it another way?
I-I think so. Give me...
- Go check it out!
- Okay!
Gordy, why did it shut?
Gordy, what is going on in...
Are you okay?
Ahh! Psychopath!
- Gordy, answer me!
- Let go of me!
- Aah! My ankle!
- Gordy, wait!
Why won't this open?
Gordy, it's stuck! It's stuck!
Whammy! You just got bamboozled!
Ow.
What happened? What happened?
I-I think I may have, um...
What?
I'm so sorry. Here. Here.
Put your...
Put your arm around me.
- It's fine. It's fine.
- Come on.
Okay, I'm going.
Wow, you're really short.
I know, but, like,
I just really don't know
what else to do to help you.
- I'm trying. Oh...
- Come on. Like...
- Go forward, then!
- Oh!
Ow!
Oh, my gosh. I know!
I'm sorry, but, please,
we have to move, Gordy, please!
You cannot keep screaming!
Oh, my goodness, can you,
like, help me a little bit?
I'm trying!
I'm trying to... It's my leg!
This is really difficult, okay?
- Just go! Please, Gordy, go!
- Ow! Ow! Ow!
Gordy, you're killing me here.
- I'm sorry.
- Oh, my gosh. We're gonna fall.
All right.
I think it's this way.
Come on. Let's go.
Come on!
Hello?
Austin? Austin?
Mama.
Mommy.
Mommy, hold me.
I love you, Mommy.
Hold me, Mommy.
Mommy.
I love you, Mommy.
Mama.
- Mama.
- Mama. Mama.
Mama.
Don't leave me.
Hold me.
- Mama.
- Somebody help!
I'm in here! Please!
- Mommy.
- Don't leave me.
- Mama.
- Hold me.
No.
- I'm so hungry, Mommy.
- No.
- I'm so hungry.
- No! No! No!
Please. Please. Please.
- Stop, please!
- Don't leave me, Mommy.
- Don't leave!
- No, please!
Aah! Ow!
Mommy!
Don't leave, Mommy.
- Help!
- Hungry. Hungry.
Mommy!
Help!
Hold me, Mommy.
Don't leave me.
No! No! No! No!
No! No!
Don't leave me.
Mommy, don't leave me.
I can't... I can't help you.
Why do...
Oh, shit.
Tell me this is a way out.
I can't walk anymore.
I need to stop!
Just a little further.
Look. The Tunnel of Love!
We can ride this back out.
Let me help you get in.
Come on. Quick. Climb in.
Gordy, hurry up.
A bag.
Okay.
Lighter.
No! No!
No, no.
No. No.
No! Please, let go.
Yo, this place is crazy, bro.
It's crazy.
Whoa.
Hey, watch your step.
Hey, do you hear that? Shh.
I'm trippin'.
Oh! Close it.
Close it, bro. Close it.
- Hey, we got a toilet.
- Ohh.
Some toilet.
- Watch... Watch your step.
- Okay.
There's nails and stuff
on the floor.
Just... Just be careful, bro.
This place is creepy.
Uh, this is so old.
Yeah, man. I'm not...
I'm not feeling it.
I'm not... This is weird.
Oh. Somebody sleeps here.
Yo, there's a bed.
I got booze, bro!
Ah, you gonna drink that?
Come on. I got to drive.
"I got to drive."
Yeah, whatever.
Whatever, man. Give me some.
Go ahead.
It's lit?
If someone's sleeping here,
there's got to be an exit
or entrance
somewhere else around here.
Good thinking, dummy!
Maybe you don't have
so much brain damage after all!
Hey, yo, screw you!
I'm gonna find a way outta here.
I think I found a door.
- Shit!
- What?!
- Go! Go! Run! Look out!
Let's go! Let's go! Come on!
Let's go! Come on! Come on!
- What, bro?
- Yo, come on!
I saw him! He's coming!
He's coming right now!
I swear! He's only...
- Yo, calm down!
- What do we do?
Calm down! Calm down!
Look, look, look!
We can take him! I'm QB!
You're linebacker, remember?
- Are you sure?
- Ready?
Yo, I'm ready. I'm ready.
I'm ready. I'm ready.
1, 2, 3!
Ahh! Where is he?!
I don't know!
I-I can't see anything!
- He's behind us! Chuck!
- Where are you?!
Freak.
Marcus!
Wait! Wait! Yo, yo!
I think I see a way out!
Through this "barrel of laughs."
Come on! Come on!
Come on! I think
we can get through here!
Marcus! Marcus, where are you?!
Turn it off!
Please, turn it off!
Oh, my God! Marcus!
- You're a little slut. Say it.
- I'm a slut.
You're lying to me!
- Say it again!
- I'm a slut!
This ride is different
than I thought it was gonna be.
You're right.
I think I'd remember
if we came through here before.
Your secretary, George?
Really? She's half your age.
Oh, it was only one time, sugar.
It didn't mean anything.
You're gonna be able
to walk soon, right?
I'll have to
when the ride is over.
Sarah!
What was that?
I-I don't like this.
My gosh!
Maybe we should just...
Maybe we should just get off.
How's your leg doing, Gordy?
It only hurts
when I have to move it.
- Yeah, but I'll help you, okay?
- Yeah, okay, okay, okay.
We're just gonna have
to keep going while it's moving.
Okay. Come on, Gordy.
Pull out your leg.
- Stand up, Gordy!
- Okay.
Okay, it's over there.
Let's find the exit.
That's really, really creepy.
- I just want to find her.
- Yeah, I do, too.
Jack-in-the-boxes
are everywhere.
Everywhere is a Jack-in-the box.
Wow.
That's a really big
jack-in-the-box.
It's Marcus!
Oh, my God!
I cannot believe this!
Gordy, my baby sister!
It'll be okay.
Let's go.
Oh, my God! Oh, my God!
Run! Run! Go!
Gordy, I can't leave you!
Run! Go get Sally!
No! Get away from me now!
Sarah.
Austin?
Austin? Is Sally with you?
No, no, no, no,
but I know where she is.
Where?
Is she okay? Is she hurt?
She's not hurt,
as far as I can see. She...
Sally, Jillian, Davy, they're...
They're all
in the same place, okay,
this circus tent thing, okay?
The clown has them all.
Okay, well,
the clown killed Gordy.
Marcus is dead, too.
We just saw him.
Okay. I'm gonna
go find a way out,
and I'm gonna come back
for you, okay?
Okay. Okay.
Okay.
Austin!
Oh, my God!
Let me go!
No! No!
No! No! Get off!
Please don't.
Please don't. Please.
Get off me!
No! Please, no.
No, please.
No. No.
Oh, it's gonna be okay.
It's gonna be okay.
I'll get you out.
Are you okay, Davy?
You okay?
Who doesn't love the carnival?
And everybody knows
the best place to visit
at a carnival is the Fun House.
Look at all those good times
people are having there,
making their way
through the Barrel of Laughs,
the crazy floor gags,
and all sorts of tricks
about the Fun House.
And when that's all over with,
don't forget to have
a refreshing hot dog and a drink
from one
of our refreshment stands.
The first fun houses
began traveling around
the United States in 1886.
They were called Happy Houses.
Soon after that...
You are very special boys.
All of the power
that's in our family,
all of the strength,
it's in you and you.
Never, ever let anyone
take advantage of you, okay?
- Okay.
And with you,
the show will go on forever.
Promise.
Thoth, even after I'm gone.
Promise me the show
will go on forever.
Okay, I promise.
I love you boys so much.
Give Mom a hug.
Love you, too.
Aw, that sounds like a fun plan.
Oh, my perfect little clown.
Thank you, Mom.
You're very welcome.
Oh, get that little hair
right there.
Do you boys know that I'm
the luckiest girl in the world?
Uh, yeah.
I have the sweetest boys.
Thoth, even after I'm gone,
promise me the show
will go on forever.
Okay, I promise.
I love you boys so much.
"Love"?
"Dead parents"?
Make sure to get
just the right amount of paint
- on the brush.
- Okay.
Not too much.
Just a little bit at a time
until it looks like
the whole brush is covered,
What the hell?
Welcome, welcome, welcome
to the Gaspari Family Circus,
the only circus in the world
where everyone performing
is part of the same family,
the Gasparis.
No, no. No.
And we want to thank
all the citizens
of Hidden Desert, Nevada,
for letting us
make this place our home.
Kody! Kody!
Kody!
Is everybody ready
for the greatest show on Earth?
Welcome, then,
the Gaspari Family Clowns
and their wonderful,
hilarious clown cars.
And now turn your attention
to our very first act of daring.
Who loves popcorn?
Everybody loves popcorn.
It's America's favorite treat.
With Galco, the Transformer,
and his amazing popcorn trick.
Wasn't that great, folks?
Kabam!
Now turn your attention
to Ring Number Two
for our next amazing act.
For this, we'll need
a volunteer from the audience
to do the amazing, magnificent,
life-distressing fire trick.
- No, no, no!
- Stay away!
No! Get away!
No. No.
Get away from me!
In the ancient world,
Prometheus came down
from Mount Olympus
to give humankind
the gift of fire.
Fire has transformed our lives,
has brought us from the caves.
No!
Now we bring this piece
of history to you,
so turn your attention
to Ring Number Two
for the famous,
the fantabulous...
Promethean Triangle of Fire!
I don't want... Please.
No! No! Aah!
Watch the Promethean fire grow!
No!
Burn. Burn away the caveman,
the primitive from our lives,
and turn us into humans,
purifying our world
with the flame of the gods!
No!
Please make it stop.
Make it stop!
Stop it.
Purifying our world.
- Stop, Dad!
- Dad, stop!
Stop! No!
I win!
No! Mom.
What are
you guys doing over here?
- There's, um...
- Did you find anything?
Yeah, we got a few good ones.
Get Sally. Save Sally!
Save Sally! Go!
Save Sally!
Help, please.
Please, please!
Sarah! Sarah!
Are you okay?
Help me unknot.
- Oh, my gosh.
- Go. Go. Go. Go.
I got you, okay?
I got her! I got her! I got her!
- Get Jill! Get Jill!
- Sorry. Sorry.
You're okay. You're okay.
- I got you, okay?
- It's okay.
- Come on. Go.
- You got her, right?
- Kody. Kody.
- Davy, leave him!
Help me with him!
Help me bring him.
- Come on! Go! Go!
- You got her, right?
- You got my sister?
- Go. Go.
Help me with Kody!
We can't leave him here!
He's dead! Come on!
Okay.
Let's go.
They're so bad.
- Come on, Davy.
- They're...
Okay. Come on.
Come on. Come on.
Austin, I need your help.
- Hurry.
- I got her. I got her.
- Okay. Okay.
- Sarah, Sarah, my legs.
Okay, so I know the way
out from the maze.
Guys, we just have to get there,
okay? Any ideas?
I can do it. I can do it.
I know where we are.
Wait. Where's Davy? Davy!
Davy! Davy!
- Sarah?
- Davy.
He's coming!
He's coming! He's coming!
I'm sorry!
I couldn't help myself!
I'm not gonna leave Kody here!
Okay. Come on.
I got him! Oh, my God.
You did the right thing, Davy.
I'm not gonna leave him
here in this hellhole!
I know. I know.
- We got to go.
- Thank you.
Come on. Come on.
Ow!
Guys, I-I need help with him!
I can't carry him anymore!
- We have to carry Jillian!
- I know!
- He's slowing us down!
- Leave me.
No, absolutely not!
We're leaving Kody
if anything, okay?
Jillian is still alive!
We can't just leave him here!
We're not leaving Kody!
Okay, we can put him
in the Tunnel of Love, okay?
- Okay.
- And he'll be safe there,
- I promise. And then...
- Okay.
- I can't...
- Sally, come on.
Austin, you need to take...
Fine, but we're
coming back for him!
We're getting cops,
and we're coming back for him!
- Do you have him?
- Okay, Davy, we will.
- Austin, I can't do it.
- Come on. Come on.
I got you, Jill. I got you.
Okay. Ready?
- You got it?
- I think so.
You got it. Okay, okay.
Let's just wait here.
- No.
- Oh, no, no!
We'll be home soon.
- I just want it to be over!
- Austin!
Hurry!
Then we go.
- Bye, Kody.
We should take these.
Welcome to the Tunnel of Love.
Okay, okay.
Okay. Shh. Come on. Come on.
It's just up and to the left.
It's just to the left.
My leg!
Get down. Get down.
Get her down. Get her down.
It's okay. It's okay.
It's okay. I know. I know.
I know it hurts.
- Shh.
- I know it hurts.
Just breathe. Breathe,
breathe, breathe, breathe,
You guys know the way out?
You guys,
you guys, just be quiet.
You're in a lot of pain.
Hold still.
Awooo!
I hear something.
All right, you can do it.
You can do it. You can do it.
- Go. Go.
- You have to! You have to!
Whooooo!
It hurts!
- No, I know. I know.
- It hurts!
Watch out. Watch out.
This is so scary.
Lean on me. Lean on me.
- Jill, come on!
- My legs are...
- I know.
- Come on.
I'm sorry, Sally.
- Yeah?
- Come on.
- This way.
- I'm falling.
Come on, Jill. Come on.
- Sarah, stay up!
- She's really heavy!
Shh. Okay.
Okay, can we wait for a second?
- Come on. Tighter.
- Can we breathe?
Here. Here. You can sit.
- Get down.
- You will die soon.
Everybody dies.
- Davy, careful.
- Everybody dies.
- Die in pain.
- Do you see anything?
You will die in pain.
You are about to die.
You will die soon.
- Ooooh. Ooh-hoo.
- Sally, this way.
- Okay. When can we go?
- You will die.
- Come here. Get set. Get set.
- Ohhhhh!
- He's behind the wall.
Oooooh!
Cover your eyes.
Whoooo!
Go, go, go, go!
Baby, go, go, go!
Go! Go! Go! Go! Go!
Go!
Sarah, my legs!
- Come on!
- Come on.
- Go!
- Stop!
Sally!
- Sally!
He's behind us!
It's a dead end!
Davy, do not leave her
on her own!
Come on!
Get out! Go back!
Get out! Go back! Sarah!
Davy!
Go, go, go, go!
Oh, my God. It's closing.
Everybody, just go! Just run!
We'll be there in a second!
Come on, Jill!
- It's closing!
- I'm stuck!
No, you're not!
You're not stuck!
- No, you're not!
- Go! Just go!
Aah! It's crushing me!
Jill, come on!
Come on!
- Everyone, pull!
- Come on! Help! Get her out!
Come on!
No, it's okay! Come on.
You got to pick her up.
Pick her up. Pick her up.
Th-This is
the same room we came through
- when the lights shut off.
- Hold on, okay?
Hold on. Hold on. Okay.
I have the map.
I-I just need a second
to figure it out.
Just wait.
Wait. Wait. Wait.
Okay. Okay.
Come on, Jill.
Jill? Jill?
- Wait. Okay, wait.
- Jill!
No!
Jill.
- Jill. Jill.
- Jill.
Ohh. Ohh.
- Jill. Jill.
- Shh. He's coming.
Jill. Jill.
- Go! Let's move!
- We can't leave her!
Go. Come on, Sarah. Come on.
Sarah, no, no, no.
- We can't.
- Come on. Come on.
Let's go.
That's it. This way.
It's right here.
Right here. Come on.
Take the others with you
to the front door, okay? Okay?
- Here's the chart.
- Okay.
The exit's that way. Go.
- I'm gonna go find him, okay?
- Right.
Okay, I'm gonna
go up to the attic,
and I'll distract the clown.
You guys go!
I'm staying with you.
- Go.
- Come on.
- I'm gonna be staying with...
- I'm gonna lead the clown
to the attic so you guys
have time to get out, okay?
- I'm staying with you.
- No.
No, you're not, Davy.
- You have to go, man.
- No.
No, Davy, go!
I'm not gonna let you
face that thing alone!
Come on. Davy, now!
- Go, Davy!
- I'm staying!
I'm staying here!
Don't worry, baby, okay?
J-Just get out of here.
We're right behind you,
- I promise. Just go!
- No.
Go, go, go, go, go! Go. Go.
Damn it, Davy.
I got a bag over here.
It's got weapons in it.
Good! Let's fuck this psycho up!
Yo, clown boy! Come and get it!
We're right here, asshole!
Okay.
- Here. This.
- Okay. Okay.
This'll do some damage.
Here you go. Okay.
Okay. On my notice.
Do you think
this is enough to kill him?
No, no, but, when he pops out,
make for the vents, okay?
Okay. Okay.
Do you think
he went after the others?
No, he's definitely here.
Agh!
Hit him, Davy!
Get going.
Davy!
Austin?!
Austin, say something!
Davy!
Austin!
Aus... tin.
Davy?
I can't see anything.
- Agh!
- Davy.
- Davy!
- I'm sorry.
It's okay. I'm sorry, man.
I'm sorry!
Thank you, Austin.
Thank you for being my brother.
Davy!
I'm gonna finish this, bro.
I'm gonna finish this.
Thoth.
Thoth!
You motherfuckin' clown!
Come give Mommy a hug!
Come and get me, clown boy!
All of the power
that's in our family,
all of the strength
is in you and you.
Promise me, even after I'm gone,
the show will always go on.
I promise.
Let's see how you like it,
Mama's boy.
Wait, wait, wait.
Are they coming?
Did they make it out? Austin!
Oh, my God.
Subtitles by ViSHAL
www.OpenSubtitles.org
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org